What is up guys and what KMAX are now in this video we'll do working up that booking of the car.
So if you want to run a car booking system like you want to give your car on rends Ford Mukalla hotel
people those who are coming to stay in that he can do that as well.
So what you have to do you have to just come here and then you have to hit add Neal.
OK.
And in here you have to select bookable product.
So now here is the product name is going to be rent a car.
OK.
And here is going to be the product description is going to be the Shard description.
And then here we need the product image.
So product demand is going to be a car image.
I'm going to go to pixelate outcome to just grab an image and then I'm going to upload it.
So I'm just watching the video and I'll do this in a minute.
So this is the car that I have just got this.
OK.
I'm just going to come here.
I'm just going to drag this and it right here.
So this will be uploaded and then I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to had said product image.
I said to the product image and this is a rental car.
So this is the words fool.
It doesn't relate to the person.
OK.
Obviously this will do just to our and we're just hiring a car.
And that is so it has the resources or so for resources it can be like a basic car like if we just have
used Uber then for Uber they have that uber uber go Bre-X beleft or something like that.
So we're taxi as well.
So there's so many thing that you can add in the resources so for resources it can be like to see two
or four seater sports car normal car or something like that so you can charge them.
We will charge them on the basis of the resources basically.
OK.
So I'm going to come here and I'm going to come here to the costs so we will not charge them on the
basis of the cost.
OK.
We will charge them.
OK so fix BLOCK OK.
This should be the customer to find blocks the minimum duration the customer can keep a car for maximum
10 days he can not go beyond that.
OK.
And unable to calendar rage because customer can just so like that from how many days he want.
And then we have the costs so we don't want to add anything in the cost.
OK.
And then we have to come here to the resources we have to come here to the types so it should be like
car type OK.
And then we want to add the addling resources so it can be like I just said yes and it can be like Toyota.
So you can also add it like car and it can be like Toyota Corolla.
So the person has to just Toyota Corolla Eltis.
OK.
So Elizabeth that this is a single car that we have right now.
And they're just going to go ahead and we're going to change this to car to the person who has to select
which car he wants so let's suppose that he wants this car.
OK.
And the blah cost is going to be like $50 per day per day.
So this is the cost.
I'm just going to come here and I'm going to add one more resource.
And this is going to be like Honda
measle And here we want to add the block costs to block cost is going to be
$100 and then we have the Facinelli self
Toyota fortune basically.
OK and this is going to be $150.
And the last one we have is the Land Cruiser Okay.
And then here this is going to cost them $250 per block per day.
So let's just go ahead and let's just publish this up so you can see this is the Rent-A-Car system that
we have added.
So you can just create any type of product that daddy didn't and then you can charge them on the basis
of that.
So you can see if I just come here and the guy sees that he needs rent a car and it's a Toyota Corolla
Eltis it's 50 $150 per day.
If he just if he just liked it like Honda weaselled and it's a hundred dollars per day if he likes far
sooner than it's going to cost him like $150 per day and if he likes land cruiser then it's got to cost
him like $250 per day.
So his is going to select 23 and he needed for the maximum.
If you just come here and he did for four then I can see how he takes from 22 to 4 it I feel just like
five and he goes to Turkey one day and see it's faithed to 31.
He did OK.
So this is how just working so now you can see it is this customer duration the maximum allowed duration
the user can invoke.
So duration is basically set to 1 to 10.
But this is going beyond that.
So I mean if he just selected and let me come here you can see it is the maximum duration is set to
10.
This is not working OK.
If I just come here and I just keep it like till 10 I say no this is still 10.
Yes this is selten.
OK.
One two three four five six seven eight nine ten.
Then he can see if I select from 5 to 14 this is available.
But if I just select it from 5 to 15 then it is not available.
OK.
The maximum duration is this and this is how it very soon if I just choose to Eltis to say that this
is not available so we can rent them a car on the basis of maximum that we can not go beyond that.
So if you if you just come here and say let's suppose that we have a Toyota Corolla.
This is like we have three we have four Honda visitable we have one partner and we have one land cruiser.
So we can also make it.
You guys already know how to do that.
OK you have to just come here to the resource.
You have to just come here to the edit resource for a Toyota Corolla Eltis and it's going to come here.
And then you have to select the available quantity so we have this like for Toyota Corolla Eltis.
We don't have a more Toyota Corolla eldest so let's come here and let's come here to Honda Faizal.
So the Honda measle as I suppose that we have just two Honda Maysville.
So we cannot give three on the easel on the same day.
That is why we just have two available Khanda.
So this is how it will work.
If someone buys it and more than that then it will not work.
So if I just come here and I just come to the Land Cruiser and I just open up the edit resource.
So we have just one line cruiser.
Okay.
I just come here and I just set a date.
So make sure that you come here and you just change the available quantity.
And then I come here and then I just refreshed first is ok so lets suppose that a guy come here and
then he buys land cruiser.
So this is $250 per day.
We just go ahead and he buys it from 22 to target.
Okay.
And then he come here and then he just hit back now.
So this is here.
He's just going to go ahead.
Hes just going to go ahead and he is going to a card and then if he is going to pay him he's just going
to pay me the price so I'm just going to his place her and his place right now.
So then if another person comes the same and he wants to buy the car this is the car you just want to
buy the car.
What he will do.
Just come here.
Just select it to be like 31.
Okay.
And then he come here and hes like Land Cruiser.
Then he says that this is not available from this to this because we have just only one single Land
Cruiser and this is already built.
So you hot you can buy it from 31 and onwards and only then it will apply.
So if you just like it from 31 to just like for it then we can charge it.
So this is how these quantity works and you can see that.
Now we have created Lorenda car.
We have created that thing that we say higher than zero ramón and we just created like to call a hotel
so everything is here and everything is possible.
This guy seriously as of this plug in has so many tremendous functionalities that you can add that you
get in fragmented.
I would recommend you to go ahead and just mess with it.
And also just create these type of products.
Okay.
And one more thing that I want to say is that to not allow that what we say
check payments.
Okay.
Only allow the Pay-Pal so that there is direct transfer or this credit card to not allow check payments
guys Im telling you again again and again so I'm just going to come here and I'm going to go ahead and
I'm going to hit check payments and in here make sure that you just select this and then you go ahead
and you hit save.
So there should be only Pay-Pal visible.
OK so I can see that everything is done.
And now here we're totally done with everything.
This is our website.
This is called a booking website.
So now we can basically just go ahead and then we can create it NZL dot com.
OK.
And in here we can implement it so that if anyone does come here and entire me then it should be a form
that should say this is how you want from Rich time you want to hire a say is that from duration and
the date so he can then go ahead in hire me and then it'll work.
So stadium guys.
And now in the next video we'll be working on the designing of the website how can we design this whole
website and so stadium guys and by.